It is my first time journaling in a while, since 12-21-2025. I accidentally added this directory to my github.

I have three goals this semester: get jacked, get cracked, and get a 4.0.

I am going to go consistently to the gym and maintain a better diet, which will hopefully get me a strong physique before the end of the semester.

For my 4.0, I want to continue going to every class, except 36-200. Take fantastic in-depth notes. Review my notes daily. Keep up with the content. Then, I just need to practice. I think the current plan is to finish as much coursework as I can during the week, then on weekends its all studying and practice.

To get cracked, I need to finish the Leetcode 150 and really get good at solving DSA questions. Then, I want to get good at C and C++. I need to learn ML for python as well.

Anyway, I have been feeling really good about this semester, but I don not want to mess anything up. I think this semester could make or break not just my career, but this college experience and my life as a whole. Because of this, i need to focus hard this semester and ignore distractions, most of which come internally. I have been afraid of burnout and my lack of focus at times, so I think I need to start taking actions like journaling, praying, mediating more seriously, but also activities that I really enjoy to "reset" my mind, body, and soul to avoid burnout. As long as I continue my current routine, the 4.0 is within grasp.

I am also worried about forming amazing and maintaining friendships. I want people to like me, but I do not want to live for someone else. I am living how I want to, no one will impede my way of life. I think I could do with a girlfriend, but there are really two reasons why I do not have one. Since i am not in my prime, I do not have the confidence to approach people, so I need to better myself. Then, my environment lacks people I find interesting. Most people I have met here are not up to the standards I keep for friends. I need to find smarter friends, cracked friends, who I find interesting, but I need to find a woman that I find interesting. Someone I can fall in love with. I do not want to live alone. Although at times, I believe it to be more serene.

I am really grateful for this city Pittsburgh, this table that I am currently working on in GHC 7th floor, my Rugby hoodie, my fingers, salt, and God.